well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so I guess we need to talk about
when it's the appropriate time to call
the police because there are some
confusion here's the thing and this is
what everybody needs to remember there
is no law so insignificant so trivial so
stupid that a cop will not put a bullet
in somebody over every law is backed up
by penalty of death jaywalking is my
favorite example if there's ever law
shouldn't exist that's it crossing the
street in the wrong spot okay so you
cross street in the wrong spot
copyrights you ticket you don't go the
court day because you're not gonna pay a
fine for crossing the street what
happens
you've committed no violence at this
point some men are gonna show up or
they're gonna wait for you to pulled
over and then they're gonna throw you in
a cage now still no violence and you're
already having violence visited upon you
but what happens if you refuse to go
you're not gonna be thrown in jail over
crossing the street
so you respond and you don't go with
them you resist they kill you your is
hard enough they kill you every law no
matter how insignificant is backed up by
penalty of death so every barbecue Becky
or permit patty or key fob Katie that
turns around and calls the law is really
putting this other person's life in
jeopardy nobody's being harmed by these
actions now nobody being hurt and that's
really the only time you should call
long if death is an appropriate response
to what's happening that's it
that's when you call the cops any other
time ninety business mind your business
you know out here we have that saying
strong offenses make
neighbors that's true everywhere you
know if nobody's being harmed it's not
really a crime it may be illegal but if
nobody's being harmed it's certainly not
immoral you know I was and one other
thing I got a touch on because it kind
of when the guy said it it took me it
took me a minute I was talking about the
the key 5kt thing and I mean I had to
was a calm as a Hindu cow I mean I did
not have the level of patience that is
needed to deal with that level of
stupidity for that length of time I
couldn't have done it I mean I I know my
limitations and that was far beyond it
and the guy said well that's cuz you're
white what understand
and he asked he's like what do you think
is gonna happen if black guy gets loud I
start screaming at a white lady yeah
somebody's gonna call the cops then
what's gonna happen somebody who was on
his way home minding his own business
first he gets harassed and then he's got
the cops showing up he might get angry
what if he doesn't want to comply what
happens
don't call the law unless death is an
appropriate response because it's a very
real possibility every time you dial
nine-one-one anyway it's just a thought
y'all have good enough